Beat you for ten days, don't mess around
If it's the rule, why is he here?
Ah, he's just my pet dog.
Well, woof woof woof
shameless
As long as you are willing to kneel down and beg me
I could have told you which corner to hide in
peek at me
Yeah, ignore them.
I'll walk you to the last row
The line of sight is fine.
This is the owner
Master hahahaha
Populus euphratica, don't know him in general
He just provoked you on purpose.
It's okay, I haven't given up on him yet.
Don't worry, I will definitely come to today's auction.
Ok I believe in you
Oh yeah, I knew in advance
There is a lot today called Spring and Autumn Mountains and Rivers
True value 200 million
If you can take him down
It can definitely be made in the bedroom
But Lu Yao, I can't hide it from you either.
I only have 60 million in cash right now
If you can't take it
We can only find a way from other brands.
Chunqiu Shang Hetu is indeed a good thing
But I think everyone here today
Keep your eyes on this thing
I think if the personnel send it by day
You only need one to match your temper.
You mean give me candy?
Ah, does this really work?
Trust me.
Then today's auction will be led by you
Hello.
The auction held by Master Jin Ying's house is about to begin
Reflect on your lack of worth
You all know that.
Today's auction
It is a test for the future families of the aristocratic family
But our family is a famous family
If you have something you like, please feel free to bid
So this is the first item.
everyone
The first item in the collection is a red rain agate cup.
Starting price 100,000